What should I read?
There are many books you can read...Would you like to start with Harry Potter. Or would you like read some Classic books?(for example type classics or Fantasy or historical or contemporary).
Give me some good books to read
What kind of books do you read?
Fantasy
Perhaps you may like Throne of glass series by Sarah J Maas, or how about A Darker Shade of Magic By V E Schwab, Lord of the Rings, Game of Thrones, The Mortal Instruments(shadowhunters series by Cassandra Claire), Inferrnal Devices, The court of Miracles(Kester Grant), A court of Thorns and roses(SJM), The chronicles of Narnia.
Science Fiction
Perhaps you'll like to read Hunger Games by Suzanne collins, Divergent, Red Rising, Legend and Warcross by Marie Lu
Historical 
The Diary of a Young Girl by Anne Frank
Historical Fiction
The Nightingale, My Lady Jane, The Book Theif, Outlander, All the light we cannot see, The Kite Runner  by Khaled Hosseini.
Classics
To kill a Mockingbird, The Great Gatsby, Great Expectations, Pride and Prejudice, Jane Eyre, Wuthering Heights, Little Women,The Picture of dorian Gray, The Adventures of Huckleberry finn, The tale of two cities,
Contemporary
Eleanor and Park, Fangirl by Rainbow Rowell, The Fault in our Stars, Looking for Alaska by John Green, The Hate You Gave by Angie Thomas, Perks of being a Wallflower, Thirteen Reasons Why, Me Before You, Everything everything by Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also A Star.
Mystery 
Murder on the Orient express by Agath Christie, Angels & Demons by Dan Brown, 
Romance
The Notebook, Outlander by Diana Gabaldon, A court of Mist and Fury, Me before You By Jojo Moyes, Th Selection by Kiera Cass, Red White and Royal Blue.
Thriller
We were Liars by E. Lockhart, Gone Girl and Sharp Objects by Gillian Flynn
Young Adult
An Ember in the Ashes by Sabaa Tahir, Eleanor and Park, Fangirl by Rainbow Rowell, The Fault in our Stars, Looking for Alaska by John Green, Ace of Cards, 
Non Fiction
Sapiens:a brief history of Humankind, A brief history of Time. 


